c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\zensuren.g.i.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\zensuren.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\zensuren.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\ZMO.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\ZMO.Windows.exe
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\ZMO.Windows.pdb
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\ZMO.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\zensuren.xaml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\zensuren.xbf
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\ZMO.Windows.exe
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\ZMO.Windows.pdb
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\adrian\skydrive\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Adrian\SkyDrive\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\bin\Debug\Test.xbf
C:\Users\Adrian\SkyDrive\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\Test.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Adrian\SkyDrive\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\Test.g.cs
C:\Users\Adrian\SkyDrive\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\Test.xaml
C:\Users\Adrian\SkyDrive\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ZMO\ZMO\ZMO.Windows\obj\Debug\Test.xbf
